# Deploying a CPLEX export file on Watson Studio utilizing Waston Machine Learning

In this tutorial, we want to learn how to create a model,import, and deploy a CPLEX LP file into Watson Studio and Watson Machine Learning.

## Key Objectives:

1. **Understanding Data Schema:** The first step to formulating any model is understanding your data. We will learn how to import data and recognize the schema generated by the Modeling Assistant.

2. **Setting Up Model Objectives:** We delve into how to define the goals of your model through setting up objectives.

3. **Creating Constraints:** Building complex models often involves implementing constraints. We'll go through how to set up necessary restrictions to guide the model's solution.

4. **Running Scenarios:** Once our model is set up, we'll run different scenarios to find the best possible outcomes.

5. **Visualizing the Solution:** Visualization aids in understanding the model's solutions. We will explore how to interpret results using various visualization tools.

6. **Generating Python Notebooks:** For further development and integration into other applications, we'll learn how to export our model into a Python notebook.

By the end of this tutorial, you'll have a solid foundation for creating complex models, defining clear objectives, implementing effective constraints, and understanding the results. This will enable you to utilize the Modeling Assistant to its full capacity, leading to better and more efficient problem solving.



## Prerequisites
- Access to IBM Cloud Pak for Data as a Service
- Access to the Jupyter Notebook example


## Steps:

### 1. Create a Scenario
- Create a project. Select 'Create an empty project', enter a project name, and click 'Create'.
- On the 'Manage' tab of your project, select the 'Services and integrations' section and click 'Associate service'. Select an existing Machine Learning service instance (or create a new one) and click 'Associate service'.
- On the 'Assets' tab of your project, click 'New asset'.
- Select 'Jupyter notebook editor' and from the tabs, click 'From URL'
- Provide a name ex 'Import CPLEX Demo' and in the notebook URL, copy and paste `https://github.com/ibm-build-lab/Watson-Studio-Workshop/blob/main/3-import-deploy-cplex-demo/CPLEX%20Import%20demo.ipynb` into the input box and click 'Create'


### 2. Create a Deployment Space
- Click on the hamburger menu in the top left and click 'Deployments'
- Click 'New deployment space +' and give it a name such as 'CPLEX import demo', select your existing cloud object storage or create a new one. Select an existing Machine Learning service instance (or create a new one) and click 'Associate service' Finally click 'Create' 

### 3. Updating the playbook
- Go back to your project, click on the notebook you created in section 1.
- In the top right hand corner, click the pencil icon to start editing the notebook.
- In block 3, add your API key from [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/iam/apikeys) and use the following url for the Dallas region: `https://us-south.ml.cloud.ibm.com`. It should look like:
```
wml_credentials = {
      "apikey": "HU****************************7N",
      "url": "https://us-south.ml.cloud.ibm.com"
}
```
- In block 9, add your deployment space name. If you chose my example, it will be 'CPLEX import demo'.
- In the top left hand corner, click the double right arrow icon and select 'Restart and Run All Cells'

### 4. Results
- Go to the deployments and click on your deployment space.
- You should now see the Burger Production model has been added to the assets and a deployment has been ran.
- Go to the Jobs tab and click on the default job and then the completed run. The log of it's run will be displayed.
